HOTELIERCO RETAIL LLC
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

THE SECURITIES ARE BEING OFFERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 4(A)(6) AND REGULATION
CROWDFUNDING OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES
ACT”) AND HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. NO FEDERAL OR STATE
SECURITIES ADMINISTRATOR HAS REVIEWED OR PASSED ON THE ACCURACY OR
ADEQUACY OF THE OFFERING MATERIALS FOR THESE SECURITIES. THERE ARE
SIGNIFICANT RESTRICTIONS ON THE TRANSFERABILITY OF THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED
HEREIN AND NO RESALE MARKET MAY BE AVAILABLE AFTER RESTRICTIONS EXPIRE.
THE PURCHASE OF THESE SECURITIES INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK AND SHOULD
BE CONSIDERED ONLY BY PERSONS WHO CAN BEAR THE RISK OF THE LOSS OF THEIR
ENTIRE INVESTMENT WITHOUT A CHANGE IN THEIR LIFESTYLE.

The Manager of:

HOTELIERCO RETAIL LLC
325 5TH AVENUE, SUITE 205
INDIALANTIC, FL 32903-4270

Ladies and Gentlemen:

1. Background. The undersigned understands that HotelierCo Retail LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (the “Company”), is conducting an offering (the “Offering”) under Section 4(a)(6) of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and Regulation Crowdfunding
promulgated thereunder. This Offering is made pursuant to the Form C of the Company that has
been filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is being made
available on the Portal’s website, as the same may be amended from time to time (the “Form C”)
and the Offering Statement, which is included therein (the “Offering Statement”). The Company
is offering to both accredited and non- accredited investors up to 1,600,000 Non- Voting Preferred
Shares of its membership interest (each a “Share” and, collectively, the “Shares”) at a purchase
price of $1.00 per Share; provided, however, that if the undersigned subscribes on or before the
date on which the Company raises $900,000.00 in the Offering, then the undersigned will receive
(i) an “early bird” discount of 10%, which will reduce the purchase price to $0.90 (such purchase
price whether with or without the “early bird” discount, the “Purchase Price”), and (11) a
$2,838,813.30 valuation instead of a $3,154,237 valuation. The minimum amount or target amount
to be raised in the Offering is $90,000.00 (the “Target Offering Amount”) and the maximum
amount to be raised in the offering is $1,500,000.00 (the “Maximum Offering Amount’). If the
Offering is oversubscribed beyond the Target Offering Amount, the Company will sell Shares on
a basis to be determined by the Company’s management. The Company is offering the Shares to
prospective mvestors through the Wefunder crowdfunding portal (the “Portal’). The Portal is
registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) as a funding portal and 1s a
funding portal member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. The Company will pay the
Portal a transaction fee equal to 6.5% of gross monies raised in the Offering. Investors should
carefully review the Form C and the accompanying Offering Statement, which are available on the
website of the Portal at www.wefunder.com.

2. Subscription. Subject to the terms of this Agreement and the Form C and related Offering
Statement, the undersigned hereby subscribes to purchase the number of Shares equal to the

ACTIVE.125118134.03
quotient of the undersigned’s subscription amount as indicated through the Portal’s platform
divided by the Purchase Price and shall pay the aggregate Purchase Price in the manner specified
in the Form C and Offering Statement and as per the directions of the Portal through the Portal’s
website. Such subscription shall be deemed to be accepted by the Company only when this
Agreement is countersigned on the Company’s behalf. No investor may subscribe for a Share in
the Offering after the Offering campaign deadline as specified in the Offering Statement and on the
Portal’s website (the “Offering Deadline”).

3. Closing.

(a) Closing. Subject to this Section 3(b), the closing of the sale and purchase of the
Shares pursuant to this Agreement (the “Closing”? shall take place through the Portal within five Business
Days after the Offering Deadline (the “Closing Date”).

(b) Closing Conditions. The Closing is conditioned upon satisfaction of all the
following conditions:

(i) prior to the Offering Deadline, the Company shall have received aggregate
subscriptions for Shares in an aggregate investment amount of at least the Target Offering
Amount;

(i1) at the time of the Closing, the Company shall have received into the
escrow account established with the Portal and the escrow agent in cleared funds, and is
accepting, subscriptions for Shares having an aggregate investment amount of at least the
Target Offermg Amount; and

(ii) the representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 7
hereof and of the undersigned contained in Section 5 hereof shall be true and correct as of
the Closing in all respects with the same effect as though such representations and
warranties had been made as of the Closing.

4. Termination of the Offering: Other Offerings. The undersigned understands that the Company may
terminate the Offering at any time. The undersigned further understands that during and following
termination of the Offering, the Company may undertake offerings of other securities, which may
or may not be on terms more favorable to an investor than the terms of this Offering.

5. Representations. The undersigned represents and warrants to the Company and the Company’s
agents as follows:

(a) The undersigned understands and accepts that the purchase of the Shares involves
various risks, including the risks outlined in the Form C, the accompanying Offering Statement, and in this
Agreement. The undersigned can bear the economic risk of this investment and can afford a complete loss
thereof; the undersigned has sufficient liquid assets to pay the full purchase price for the Shares; and the
undersigned has adequate means of providing for its current needs and possible contingencies and has no
present need for liquidity of the undersigned’s investment in the Company.

(b) The undersigned acknowledges that at no time has it been expressly or implicitly
represented, guaranteed or warranted to the undersigned by the Company or any other person that a
percentage of profit and/or amount or type of gain or other consideration will be realized because of the
purchase of the Shares.

ACTIVE.125118134.03
(c) Including the amount set forth on the signature page hereto, in the past 12-month
period, the undersigned has not exceeded the investment limit as set forth in Rule 100(a)(2) of Regulation
Crowdfunding.

(d) The undersigned has received and reviewed a copy of the Form C and
accompanying Offering Statement. With respect to information provided by the Company, the undersigned
has relied solely on the information contained in the Form C and accompanying Offering Statement to make
the decision to purchase the Shares.

(e) The undersigned confirms that it is not relymg and will not rely on any
communication (written or oral) of the Company, the Portal, or any of their respective affiliates, as
investment advice or as a recommendation to purchase the Shares. It is understood that information and
explanations related to the terms and conditions of the Shares provided in the Form C and accompanying
Offering Statement or otherwise by the Company, the Portal or any of their respective affiliates shall not
be considered investment advice or a recommendation to purchase the Shares, and that neither the
Company, the Portal nor any of their respective affiliates is acting or has acted as an advisor to the
undersigned in deciding to invest in the Shares. The undersigned acknowledges that neither the Company,
the Portal nor any of their respective affiliates have made any representation regarding the proper
characterization of the Shares for purposes of determining the undersigned's authority or suitability to invest
in the Shares.

(f) The undersigned is familiar with the business and fimancial condition and
operations of the Company, all as generally described in the Form C and accompanying Offering Statement.
The undersigned has had access to such information concerning the Company and the Shares as it deems
necessary to enable it to make an informed investment decision concerning the purchase of the Shares.

(g) The undersigned understands that, unless the undersigned notifies the Company in
writing to the contrary at or before the Closing, each of the undersigned's representations and warranties
contained in this Agreement will be deemed to have been reaffirmed and confirmed as of the Closing, taking
into account all information received by the undersigned.

(h) The undersigned acknowledges that the Company has the right in its sole and
absolute discretion to abandon this Offering at any time prior to the completion of the Offering. This
Agreement shall thereafter have no force or effect and the Company shall return any previously paid
subscription price of the Shares, without interest thereon, to the undersigned.

(i) The undersigned understands that no federal or state agency has passed upon the
merits or risks of an investment in the Shares or made any finding or determination concerning the fairness
or advisability of this investment.

Gj) The undersigned has up to 48 hours before the campaign end date to cancel the
purchase and get a full refund.

(k) The undersigned confirms that the Company has not (1) given any guarantee or
representation as to the potential success, return, effect or benefit (either legal, regulatory, tax, financial,
accounting or otherwise) an of investment in the Shares or (11) made any representation to the undersigned
regarding the legality of an investment in the Shares under applicable legal investment or similar laws or
regulations. In deciding to purchase the Shares, the undersigned is not relying on the advice or
recommendations of the Company and the undersigned has made its own independent decision, alone or in
consultation with its investment advisors, that the investment in the Shares is suitable and appropriate for
the undersigned.

ACTIVE.125118134.03
dd) The undersigned has such knowledge, skill and experience in business, financial
and investment matters that the undersigned is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment
in the Shares. With the assistance of the undersigned's own professional advisors, to the extent that the
undersigned has deemed appropriate, the undersigned has made its own legal, tax, accounting and financial
evaluation of the merits and risks of an investment in the Shares and the consequences of this Agreement.
The undersigned has considered the suitability of the Shares as an investment in light of its own
circumstances and financial condition and the undersigned is able to bear the risks associated with an
investment in the Shares and its authority to invest in the Shares.

(m) The undersigned is acquiring the Shares solely for the undersigned’s own
beneficial account, for investment purposes, and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any
distribution of the Shares. The undersigned understands that the Shares have not been registered under the
Securities Act or any state securities laws by reason of specific exemptions under the provisions thereof
which depend in part upon the investment intent of the undersigned and of the other representations made
by the undersigned in this Agreement. The undersigned understands that the Company is relying upon the
representations and agreements contained in this Agreement (and any supplemental information provided
by the undersigned to the Company or the Portal) for the purpose of determining whether this transaction
meets the requirements for such exemptions.

(n) The undersigned understands that the Shares are restricted from transfer for a
period of time under applicable federal securities laws and that the Securities Act and the rules of the SEC
provide in substance that the undersigned may dispose of the Shares only pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act, an exemption therefrom or as further described in Section
227.501 of Regulation Crowdfunding, after which certain state restrictions may apply. The undersigned
understands that the Company has no obligation or mtention to register any of the Shares, or to take action
so as to permit sales pursuant to the Securities Act. Even if and when the Shares become freely transferable,
a secondary market in the Shares may not develop. Consequently, the undersigned understands that the
undersigned must bear the economic risks of the investment in the Shares for an indefinite period of time.

(0) The undersigned agrees that the undersigned will not sell, assign, pledge, give,
transfer or otherwise dispose of the Shares or any interest therein or make any offer or attempt to do any of
the foregoing, except pursuant to Section 227.501 of Regulation Crowdfunding.

(p) If the undersigned is not a United States person (as defined by Section 7701(a)(30)
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), the undersigned hereby represents and warrants to the
Company that it has satisfied itself as to the full observance of the laws of its jurisdiction in connection with
any invitation to subscribe for the Shares or any use of this Agreement, mcluding (1) the legal requirements
within its jurisdiction for the purchase of the Shares, (11) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to
such purchase, (111) any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained, and (iv) the income
tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to the purchase, holding, redemption, sale, or
transfer of the Shares. The undersigned’s subscription and payment for and continued beneficial ownership
of the Shares will not violate any applicable securities or other laws of the undersigned’s jurisdiction.

6. HIGH RISK INVESTMENT. THE UNDERSIGNED UNDERSTANDS THAT AN
INVESTMENT IN THE SHARES INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. The
undersigned acknowledges that (a) any projections, forecasts or estimates as may have been
provided to the undersigned are purely speculative and cannot be relied upon to indicate actual
results that may be obtained through this investment; any such projections, forecasts and estimates
are based upon assumptions which are subject to change and which are beyond the control of the
Company or its management, (b) the tax effects which may be expected by this investment are not
susceptible to absolute prediction, and new developments and rules of the Internal Revenue Service

 

4
ACTIVE. 125118134.03
(the “IRS”), audit adjustment, court decisions or legislative changes may have an adverse effect on
one or more of the tax consequences of this investment; and (c) the undersigned has been advised
to consult with his own advisor regarding legal matters and tax consequences mvolving this
investment.

7. Company Representations. The undersigned understands that upon issuance of to the undersigned
of any Shares, the Company will be deemed to have made following representations and warranties
to the undersigned as of the date of such issuance:

(a) Corporate Power. The Company has been duly formed as a limited liability
company under the laws of the State of Delaware and, has all requisite legal and corporate power and
authority to conduct its business as currently being conducted and to issue and sell the Shares to the
undersigned pursuant to this Agreement.

(b) Enforceability. This Agreement, when executed and delivered by the Company,
shall constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
accordance with their respective terms except (a) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, or other laws of general application relating to or
affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, or (b) as limited by laws relating to the availability
of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies.

(c) Valid Issuance. The Shares, when issued, sold and delivered in accordance with
the terms and for the consideration set forth in this Agreement and the Form C, will be validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable and free of restrictions on transfer other than restrictions on transfer arising under
this Agreement, the Certificate of Formation and Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company,
or under applicable state and federal securities laws and liens or encumbrances created by or imposed by a
subscriber.

(d) No Conflict. The execution, delivery and performance of and compliance with this
Agreement and the issuance of the Shares will not result in any violation of, or conflict with, or constitute
a default under, the Company’s Certificate of Formation or Limited Liability Company Agreement, and
will not result in any violation of, or conflict with, or constitute a default under, any agreements to which
the Company is a party or by which it is bound, or any statute, rule or regulation, or any decree of any court
or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over the Company, except for such violations, conflicts,
or defaults which would not individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the business,
assets, properties, fmancial condition or results of operations of the Company.

8. Indemnification. The undersigned agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its
directors, officers and agents (including legal counsel) from any and all damages, losses, costs and
expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) that they, or any of them, may incur by reason of
the undersigned’s failure, or alleged failure, to fulfill any of the terms and conditions of this
subscription or by reason of the undersigned’s breach of any of the undersigned’s representations
and warranties contained herein.

9. Market Stand-Off. If so requested by the Company or any representative of the underwriters (the
“Managing Underwriter’) in connection with any underwritten or Regulation A+ offering of
securities of the Company under the Securities Act, the undersigned (including any successor or
assign) shall not sell or otherwise transfer any Shares or other securities of the Company during the
30- day period preceding and the 270-day period following the effective date of a registration or
offering statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act for such public offering or
Regulation A+ offering or underwriting (or such shorter period as may be requested by the

ACTIVE.125118134.03
10.

11.

12.

13.

14.

15.

16.

17.

18.

19.

Managing Underwriter and agreed to by the Company) (the “Market Standoff Period”). The
Company may impose stop-transfer imstructions with respect to securities subject to the foregoing
restrictions until the end of such Market Standoff Period.

Obligations Irrevocable. Following the Closing, the obligations of the undersigned shall be
urevocable.

Legend. The certificates, book entry or other form of notation representing the Shares sold pursuant
to this Subscription Agreement will be notated with a legend or designation, which communicates
in some manner that the Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(6) of the Securities Act and
may only be resold pursuant to Rule 501 of Regulation CF.

Notices. All notices or other communications given or made hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be mailed, by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid or otherwise
actually delivered, to the undersigned’s address provided to the Portal or to the Company at the
address set forth at the beginning of this Agreement, or such other place as the undersigned or the
Company from time to time designate in writing.

Governing Law. Notwithstanding the place where this Agreement may be executed by any of the
parties hereto, the parties expressly agree that all the terms and provisions hereof shall be construed
in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to the
principles of conflicts of laws.

Submission to Jurisdiction. With respect to any suit, action or proceeding relating to any offers,
purchases or sales of the Shares by the undersigned (“Proceedings”), the undersigned irrevocably
submits to the jurisdiction of the federal or state courts located at the location of the Company’s
principal place of business, which submission shall be exclusive unless none of such courts has
lawful jurisdiction over such Proceedings.

Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter hereof and may be amended only by a writing executed by all parties.

Waiver, Amendment. Neither this Subscription Agreement nor any provisions hereof shall be
modified, changed, discharged or terminated except by an instrument in writing, signed by the party
against whom any waiver, change, discharge or termination is sought.

 

Waiver of Jury Trial. THE UNDERSIGNED IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT
TO TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF
THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT.

Invalidity of Specific Provisions. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid,
or unenforceable under the present or future laws effective during the term of this Agreement, such
provision shall be fully severable; this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as 1f such illegal,
invalid, or unenforceable provision had never comprised a part of this Agreement, and the
remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be
affected by the illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision or by its severance from this Agreement.

 

Titles and Subtitles. The titles of the sections and subsections of this Agreement are for convenience
of reference only and are not to be considered in construing this Agreement.

ACTIVE.125118134.03
20.

21.

22.

23.

24.

Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

Electronic Execution and Delivery. A digital reproduction, portable document format (“.pdf”) or
other reproduction of this Agreement may be executed by one or more parties hereto and delivered
by such party by electronic signature (including signature via DocuSign or similar services),
electronic mail or any similar electronic transmission device pursuant to which the signature of or
on behalf of such party can be seen. Such execution and delivery shall be considered valid, binding
and effective for all purposes.

 

Binding Effect. The provisions of this Subscription Agreement shall be binding upon and accrue to
the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and
assigns.

Survival. All representations, warranties and covenants contained in this Subscription Agreement
shall survive (i) the acceptance of the subscription by the Company, (ii) changes in the transactions,
documents and instruments described in the Form C which are not material or which are to the
benefit of the undersigned and (111) the death or disability of the undersigned.

Notification of Changes. The undersigned hereby covenants and agrees to notify the Company upon
the occurrence of any event prior to the closing of the purchase of the Shares pursuant to this
Subscription Agreement, which would cause any representation, warranty, or covenant of the
undersigned contained in this Subscription Agreement to be false or incorrect.

[End of Page]

ACTIVE.125118134.03
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this agreement as of [EFFECTIVE DATE]

Number of Units: [UNITS]

 

 

Ageregate Purchase Price: $[AMOUNT]

Read and Approved (For IRA Use Only):

By:

 

COMPANY:

HotelierCo Retail LLC

 

Sounder Stquature

 

[FOUNDER_NAME]

 

 

Name:
Title: [FOUNDER_TITLE]
SUBSCRIBER:

 

by. Tuvestor Siquature

 

Name: [INVESTOR NAME]

 

Title: [INVESTOR TITLE]

 

The Subscriber is an “accredited investor” as that term is defined in Regulation D
promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act.

Please indicate Yes or No by checking the appropriate box:

[ ] Accredited

[ X] Not Accredited

SIGNATURE PAGE

TO

SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
